‎In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
‎Just a normal girl with a normal life.
‎But there's something about me
‎that no one knows yet.
‎Because I have a secret.
‎♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
‎♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
‎♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! ♪
‎Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous
‎will soon be mine. I promise.
‎Then I will get the ultimate power
‎and we shall all be together again.
‎You and I.
‎Soon, Emilie...
‎Of course.
‎Someone will get you right away.
‎ It's been a year.
‎The longer you keep him in the dark
‎about what you're doing,
‎the harder it will be on him
‎when he finds out.
‎♪ Little kitty on a roof
‎all alone without his... ♪
‎- Adrien.
‎-Father?
‎There's something important
‎I have to talk to you about.
‎I think about telling you every day, but
‎don't know how to find the right words.
‎-I think I already know, Father.
‎-But how?
‎I've noticed how close
‎you and Nathalie have become.
‎If she can make you happy again, then,
‎as far as I'm concerned,
‎she's already part of our family.
‎How could you think such a thing?
‎Nobody could ever replace your mother.
‎As long as she's in our hearts,
‎she lives on!
‎We're expecting guests. Be ready.
‎Wow, your father's like a piece
‎of Tomme cheese, with a rind so thick
‎it's almost impossible to get inside
‎the center.
‎Don't be so hard on him, Plagg.
‎It's been a year today
‎since Mom went away forever.
‎We can't leave Adrien all alone
‎on a day like this!
‎True that! But there's no way
‎his old man's gonna let us see him.
‎Why not make him a video and tell him
‎how much we all care about him?
‎-We can take turns recording our messages.
‎-Then send it to him!
‎-That would be great!
‎-OK, go, Marinette.
‎Uh... No, no! Someone else go.
‎I still need to go figure out
‎what I'm gonna say!
‎OK, girl. So, Nino, ready? Action!
‎Hey, my dude!
‎Your father is waiting for you downstairs,
‎Adrien.
‎Uh... I'll be right there.
‎Mom?
‎My, my! Look at how much you've grown!
‎Gabriel,
‎isn't he just the absolute cutest?
‎I'm sure Adrien is delighted to have
‎such a timely visit from his aunt,
‎today of all days!
‎Aunt Amélie?
‎I'm so happy to see you again!
‎I thought it'd be better if we were
‎all together on a day like this.
‎-Don't you agree, dear?
‎-Uh-huh.
‎Félix?
‎Good to see you again.
‎ Aw! They look just like twins.
‎Don't they, Gabriel?
‎Remember when they used to have
‎so much fun pretending to be each other?
‎Once they had you and Emilie fooled
‎for a whole weekend.
‎We laughed so hard!
‎I won't be fooled a second time.
‎Hello, Uncle.
‎Félix, you know your uncle's
‎never been the physical sort!
‎Oh! How sweet!
‎You're still wearing your wedding band!
‎You must have Emilie's too, I imagine.
‎You never replied
‎to my message about that.
‎I'd like to get the rings back.
‎These rings are obviously
‎very special to me.
‎And they're very dear to me, too, Gabriel.
‎Those jewels have always been in the
‎Graham de Vanily ‎family, not the Agrestes!
‎We'll discuss it later.
‎It's been a long journey from London.
‎-You may want to rest a bit. Nathalie?
‎-Follow me, please.
‎-Take Félix to your bedroom.
‎-Yes, Father. Come on, Félix!
‎Just wanted you to know
‎we're thinking about ya!
‎And... cut! You're the last one. Ready?
‎I'd rather record myself.
‎I'll be right back!
‎What am I going to say to him?
‎Help me, Tikki!
‎What if a kwami friend had lost their mom?
‎The thing is,
‎we kwamis live forever, Marinette!
‎Let your heart do the talking.
‎As long it is filled with love,
‎you can't go wrong.
‎You think?
‎Adrien, I love you.
‎I'll always be there if you need me.
‎What was I thinking? This is the worst day
‎I could choose to tell him!
‎-We've gotta start over.
‎-There'll never be a right day.
‎ You done in there?
‎We're all waiting for you!
‎What if your message could turn
‎his worst day ever into the best day ever?
‎What's going on, girl?
‎Are you feeling sick?
‎Send the video without looking at it!
‎No one can see my part!
‎No! Don't tell me you...
‎-Promise!
‎-You have my word.
‎I can't believe it!
‎Wow! We got all the messages, guys!
‎I'm sending them to Adrien!
‎Do you remember our shooting contests?
‎I'm really sorry
‎I didn't come to your dad’s funeral.
‎My father thought it would be
‎too hard on me, considering...
‎everything ‎that's happened this year.
‎You've every right to be mad at me.
‎You always do what your father
‎tells you to do?
‎He's very... protective of me.
‎Huh?
‎Oh! Do you have that chessboard
‎we used to play all the time?
‎Of course!
‎Let me go upstairs and get it for us!
‎Well, I challenge you,
‎so let the best man win!
‎-  Found it!
‎-Grab cards, while you're up there!
‎You still doing magic?
‎Now more than ever. You'll see!
‎ How about karate?
‎Still practising?
‎Of course!
‎-We need to talk, Adrien!
‎-What are you doing here? Hide!
‎-Mind if I take a shower?
‎-No, go ahead. Make yourself at home!
‎What's up with that cousin of yours?
‎First he searches through your things,
‎and then,
‎the most unforgivable thing of all,
‎he squashes‎ my‎ hunk of goat's cheese
‎under your pillow!
‎I'd been maturing that baby for two weeks,
‎do you realise? Two whole weeks!
‎Listen, Plagg. Félix lost his dad
‎not so long ago.
‎He's probably not himself.
‎I'm sorry, but there's just no excuse.
‎You never touch my cheese and yet
‎you lost your mother not so long ago.
‎Please forgive me, Adrien.
‎I didn't mean to.
‎I know. And I'm sorry about your cheese.
‎Tsk! Of course that idiot
‎has a crush on a superhero!
‎Hey, my dude.
‎I'm not quite sure what to tell you
‎except that bros are always there
‎for their guys!
‎"Bros are always there..." Bla, bla, bla!
‎Moron!
‎Unicorns have a saying. "Even when
‎there's nothing but grey skies and rain,
‎all it takes is one little sunbeam
‎for a rainbow to appear!"
‎Loser!
‎It's 100% proven you should feel 52%
‎happier with a healthy dose of laughter.
‎So Markov uploaded a few jokes,
‎starting with--
‎Freak!
‎When my mother left for New York,
‎I felt so sad.
‎It felt like she was... but she came back,
‎and I know how lucky I am.
‎So, you can count on me, my Adrikins.
‎Chloé, just as annoying as usual.
‎Adrien, I love you.
‎I'll always be there if you need me.
‎Pathetic!
‎ ‎Video deleted.
‎Adrien, could you lend me some clean
‎clothes? I left my suitcase downstairs!
‎ Sure! Take whatever you want!
‎ Thanks! They're perfect.
‎Ahem!
‎First of all, thanks so much
‎for all your messages, guys.
‎Oh, come here! Adrien has sent
‎a message back on the group chat!
‎Oh, no! I don't want to know!
‎Yes, I do want to know!
‎No, I don't!
‎What if he tells me he loves me?
‎Or doesn't love me?
‎Or he likes me but not that way? Aaah!
‎Luka? Please don't tell me you heard me.
‎You know, I'll be really happy
‎for you and Adrien if it works out.
‎And if it doesn't, I'll be here for you.
‎Thanks, Luka.
‎First of all, thanks so much
‎for all your messages, guys! Really!
‎Sending me messages on today, of all days,
‎to remind me
‎how sad I'm supposed to be feeling?
‎Why that's great! Really, thanks a lot!
‎Uh... so is he happy about it or not?
‎There's something wrong.
‎My father was right. What could I possibly
‎get out of going to school?
‎Hanging out with you is a waste of time!
‎Ha! I knew Adrikins couldn't possibly
‎be real friends with those fools!
‎And, Chloé, you're still the same
‎spoiled brat you ever were, you know that?
‎That's not him. Impossible!
‎There's no way that's Adrien!
‎ Sorry, sir.
‎Lila Rossi just sent this to us.
‎It's a message from Adrien's phone.
‎To remind me how sad
‎I'm meant to be feeling?
‎-Why that's great! Really! Thanks a lot!
‎-Félix.
‎If Adrien's friends think it's him,
‎they must be feeling very hurt right now.
‎Hmm.
‎All this disappointment might just help us
‎get rid of our unwanted guests.
‎Félix, I told you
‎that you couldn't fool me twice!
‎Fly away, my little akuma,
‎and evilise these sad souls!
‎No way that's real. It must be a fake!
‎I am 100% positive that the video
‎hasn't been altered in any way.
‎-Confirmed.
‎-The truth is, we've only known him
‎since we came back after the summer!
‎He‎ was‎ friends with Chloé
‎before he met us.
‎Don't believe this video!
‎It can't be Adrien!
‎Lady Wifi, Reflekta, Princess Fragrance,
‎You are now the punishers trio!
‎I give you the power to chastise
‎the boy you thought was a friend,
‎who has hurt you so terribly.
‎I'm only asking you one thing in return.
‎Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
‎He's going to regret what he said to us!
‎This isn't good.
‎They'll take it out on Adrien!
‎Tikki, spots on!
‎Ha!
‎Alya, you're not seriously
‎going to attack our buddy, are you?
‎I'm not Alya. I'm Lady Wifi!
‎Anyone who tries to stand in our way
‎will be harshly punished!
‎You're not punishing anyone, Wifi!
‎It's time to log you out!
‎Not now that I've got
‎satellite connection!
‎At your service, Princess Fragrance!
‎-Catch Ladybug!
‎-Yaah!
‎Call you later!
‎I know where you're going, Punishers!
‎Nathalie, get Adrien to a safe place,
‎far from his cousin.
‎Without his phone!
‎Come along. You have a photo shoot!
‎Now?
‎-Will you come with me, Félix?
‎-Your father insisted you go alone. Hurry!
‎It's time for your punishment,
‎you naughty... Huh?
‎-Boys?
‎- It all makes sense now!
‎-There were two Adriens!
‎-That explains why our super-nice video
‎was answered with a super-mean one!
‎Which one of you is a cruel
‎and inferior copy of the original?
‎-What video is she talking about?
‎-I've no idea what they're going on about!
‎One of you tried to make Adrien
‎look like a monster!
‎It was him! He's Félix, my cousin.
‎Only a real meanie would tell on
‎his cousin! You must be Félix!
‎-What are you doing, Adrien?
‎-Adrien?
‎-Is that Félix or not?
‎-What do you think? Ha, ha, ha, ha!
‎That's him! He's the real Félix!
‎Don't touch him!
‎You're being tricked, you fools!
‎Adrien has sacrificed himself
‎for his cousin!
‎Hey, girls, wait! I didn't do anything!
‎-He's the true culprit.
‎-But...
‎Oh, well... it's too easy.
‎Where's the fun?
‎You want real? I'll show you real!
‎It's time for punishment, naughty boy!
‎Be careful what you wish for,
‎naughty girls!
‎Explain to me why you're trying
‎to save this cheese murderer.
‎Because we're the good guys!
‎There's no time to lose. Plagg, claws out!
‎Don't worry, Adrien!
‎I'll deal with them later.
‎I'll put you out of harm's way first!
‎-You'll be safe here!
‎-Ladybug! Wait!
‎I... I've always been in love with you,
‎you know.
‎Huh? I... Really?
‎If only you would let me...
‎...give you some courage before you go.
‎Uh... Wait. What? No!
‎OK, which part of the word "no"
‎did you not understand?
‎Gross! You're not Adrien!
‎He would never be so pushy!
‎That's Félix, Adrien's cousin!
‎I ran into Adrien
‎and he told me everything!
‎You made a lot of enemies in one day!
‎Bet you don't have many friends,
‎acting the way you do. Am I wrong?
‎There's no time for bickering.
‎They're coming!
‎Lucky Charm!
‎You really think covering us
‎with whipped cream
‎will save you from being punished,
‎Ladybug?
‎Want to smell like fish
‎for the rest of your life, kitty?
‎-Do anything and I'll pause you for good!
‎-You spend too much time on your phone.
‎Felix, smash it in half
‎and this nightmare will be over!
‎What makes you thinkI want it to be over?
‎Hawk Moth! Can you hear me, Hawk Moth?
‎You want their Miraculous, don't you?
‎-And what do you want?
‎-I'm after a piece of jewellery too.
‎How about we make a little exchange?
‎Get hold of the Miraculous first!
‎We'll discuss the rest later!
‎You've got yourself a deal!
‎Now I think it's high time
‎Ladybug and Cat Noir were punished!
‎I hope you've learned your lesson!
‎-Pound it!
‎ No more evil-doing for you,
‎little akuma.
‎Time to de-evilise.
‎Gotcha!
‎Bye-bye, little butterfly.
‎Miraculous Ladybug!
‎That video you sent to my friends...
‎unforgivable, Félix.
‎Now his father isn't here
‎to stop him from getting into mischief...
‎I don't deserve to be forgiven.
‎I put my favourite cousin in danger.
‎He's right.
‎No apology can never be enough.
‎I hope I can learn from this and come back
‎to see you as a better person someday.
‎I really am sorry.
‎I'll do my best to make it up to you.
‎And to you too, Uncle.
‎Goodbye, Félix.
‎Mwah!
‎Félix, wait!
‎ Adrien, stay here!
‎If you're feeling upset or out of control,
‎call before you do
‎anything you might regret.
‎I'm really lucky to have you.
‎ Sorry, Plagg. If Félix didn't
‎destroy your cheese and steal my phone,
‎-none of this would have happened.
‎-He can come back whenever he wants!
‎Did you know my friends
‎recorded messages for me?
‎What a nice thing to do. I've got an idea!
‎Huh?
‎Hey, guys, I never got your messages,
‎but I'm touched
‎you were thinking of me today.
‎You're the best friends anyone could
‎ever dream of. I love you. All of you.
‎I love you.
‎Oh, I love you too, Adrien!
‎I've got a surprise for you, Mom.
‎ But Gabriel refused
‎to hand it over to me,
‎and after everything that happened...
‎My little magician!
‎I can never understand how you always
‎manage to get what you want!
‎Keep it. It's yours now.
‎But you wanted it so much!
‎Only to give it to you.
‎You've always been so fascinated by them!
‎How many times have you asked me to tell
‎you about the Graham de Vanily twin rings?
‎I'm glad it's back in the family,
‎where it truly belongs.